this is my 1998 Royal Enfield Bullet 350
standard now I want to start out will
walk towards it before you look at the
bike too much I want to show you this
odometer you see that odometer six miles
this bike came into my possession
recently it's kind of a long story
but the interesting thing was it was
brought to this country brand new and
put into a container
it was never titled I actually have the
certificate of origin the origin title
and I it's never been titled yet so I'm
getting ready to do that this week to
actually register it for the first time
ever but it was a little corroded and a
little dirty from spending 14 years in a
container but it saw sunlight for the
first time since well since it was new
about a week ago it came into the
sunlight it was I polished it up now the
the the fins you can see there's a
little bit of rust on the fins just from
sitting a little bit of corrosion and a
little bit of pitting on some of the
chrome I'm not too worried about that I
am going to use a polishing wheel and
some compound to get do a better job of
polishing the cases and the engine block
I'm going to use some engine enamel to
touch up the black on the on the
cylinder head there but really you know
not too bad you see a little bit little
bit of hitting there again you know
there there was some moisture it was
stored in kind of a moist area but the
only thing really that I did - it was
wash it wax it polished a cromoz best I
could and I put the saddlebags that I
thought really made it look nice and set
it off and the the fork bag on it now I
do want to start it again remember that
this bike was never ever started since
no it had actually no fluids in it other
than the ones that they shipped it with
and so a few days ago I
but the fluids in it for the first time
put a battery in it I check the
adjustment of the push rods the tappets
and when I kicked it it started on the
second kick it's cold right now see that
right there you see how easy it starts
now
there we go
now you may have heard the thing loud
loud save lives well
I was alarmed with that at first but I
checked out some other examples other
videos and I found that that is
perfectly normal
but listen to that thump isn't that
wonderful I have a friend who has a
modern ADL and another friend who has a
modern uce example of the Enfield and
this doesn't have quite that sound still
has good sound and a great look but not
like this I have been dreaming of one of
these bikes since I first discovered
their existence in 1992 it's now 2012
I've been waiting 20 years to have one
of these bikes even through to Harley
Davidsons and numerous jab bikes what I
want to do is one of these and I finally
have it and just as a sign-off listen to
this
don't want to rev it too hard it's not
broken in yet so that's my beauty my
precious our name is Daphne and she is a
very elegant British lady isn't she